Script – 

Joke start to hook the attention of the audience- 

I bet you this dino nugget that you know who this creature is ( show image of pikachu) Yeah this is pikachu or how my mom likes to call it the yellow rat … is one of the most famous video game character ever created and pokemon is one of the most popular franchise and highest grossing that have ever existed  passing all the MCU and Starwars convined ( image of articule showing this ) 

But have you ever wonder how this happens,  well first we have to understand what form this big franchise today , first is Nintendo , creatures inc , and gamefreak …. And later this thing called the pokemon company byt more on them later lets start with the one that started all Gamefreak … well game freak was created by this guy Satoshi Tajiri ( image of him ) that was a kid that grow up in Machida , a suburb of Tokyo where he enjoyded exploring the outside world and with a huge interested in collecting insects and study them that later he also started collecting other animals like frogs or lizards .. ( joke about him collecting caterpies and polewards (that is also his favorite pokemon ) he use to show all his findinds in school and show his classmates all that he found … and that is were he got the name Dr. Bug .. but this didn’t last for long because Japan urban areas where spanding relatibly fast by that time, basically  elimating all the areas Tajiri used to hunt for bugs because this new areas were now paved and animals and insents left the area … basicall Tajiri hobby was in trouble ( insert team rocket theme ) … he now had to find a new hobby and that is when the arcade era started … and there is was his gaming addiction started … but lets fast forward a little where he started his video game magazine called Game Freak where he talk about records and stuff happening on the gaming industry later on this guy ( Ken Sugimori ) a illustrator and also game fan that found a liking on Tajiri’s magazine and propose to start working together …  they talked about creating video games but they didn’t have a clue of how to start program or the stuff that goes behing creating a video game so they found this guy (Junichi Masuda) a programmer and composer that also founds Tajiri’s idea fascinating and this is how the first game was created (aaaaaaaaaaa  Mendel Palace) that had a pretty decent success selling close to 127000 copies worldwide this success sparks something in young Tajiri’s mind that convined the idea of connecting 2 game boys to trade stuff with his old hobby of collecting bugs to create a game ( Pokemon ) and that is when the idea was born …… but there was a small issue a men has to eat so they need a publisher a big name that helps to make this idea happened and that is where Nintendo enters the chat Tajiri had to pitch the idea and the concept to nintendo’s staff and at first the were kinda skeptical about it … I mean who wouldn’t this guys (image) comes to you with his dream of catching bugs and trading them I would say no too lmao … but them another crazy guy enter the chat ( Shigeru Miyamoto ) (images of god himself) saw great potential in this idea and comvinced the company to give them a chance … that is POCKET Monters red and blue where born where Tajiri created the ideas , sugimori created the design for the first 151 pokemon and Masuda all the music for all versions … the game took a little to be release 5-6 years on the making and all because it was a small indie company and it has a lot of memory issues because of the game boys limitation the company was running out of money because of the long time it took to create this game and that is where creatures inc joins to help game freak stay on the business and making a deal which makes creatures have 50% of the company in exchange of liquidity to keep producing the game… the game was finally released on February 27 , 1996 … the game was decently sell in Japan because of the unique idea and people liking the concept of collecting unique creatures but was help a lot the game popularity was a wild idea that used Shigeki Morimoto ( game programmer) internal prank that he created a extra pokemon mew which at first was not intended to be release to the public , but Tajiri believed that reveling that there was a extra pokemon hidden in the game will keep the curiosity alive and create myths about the game … now the corocoro suggest the idea of creating a manga that will boost the popularity of the game appealing to a younger audience and it work the game sells start to increase with this the make a promotion kinda like a lotto where people were selected at ramdom who are CoroCoro readers to send their cartridge and  a Mew will be uploaded to their game files ( which at this point was the only way to obtain it ) ….. then The anime follow it right after making the pokect Monters game famous worldwide which now has abbreviated to Pokemon as we know today this skyrockets the sells of the game making it one of the most sell games ever with 31 million copies sold ( pokemon yellow release by this time also help a lot because it fixes some issues that red and blue had )  ………. 

Kinda of a ending 

But how did we go from this ( pokemon red holy jesus holding it ) to this ( pokemon scarlet and violet in a dumster somewhere) well that will be a topic for a future video but for now lets remember how good it was ( music form pokemon fire red) end video this last portion is provisional .revised 

Script:

Joke to hook the attention of the audienceI bet you this dino nugget that you know who this creature is (show image of Pikachu). Yeah, this is Pikachu, or how my mom likes to call it, "the yellow rat." Pikachu is one of the most famous video game characters ever created, and Pokémon is one of the most popular and highest-grossing franchises ever—surpassing both the MCU and Star Wars combined (show article or graph).

But have you ever wondered how this happened? Well, first, we need to understand what formed this massive franchise. It all starts with Nintendo, Creatures Inc., and Game Freak—and later, this thing called The Pokémon Company (but more on that later). Let’s start with the one that began it all: Game Freak.

Game Freak was created by this guy, Satoshi Tajiri (image of Satoshi Tajiri), a kid who grew up in Machida, a suburb of Tokyo. He loved exploring the outside world and had a huge interest in collecting insects and studying them. Later, he also started collecting other animals like frogs and lizards (insert joke about him collecting Caterpies and Poliwags—Poliwag is his favorite Pokémon, by the way). He used to show his findings to his classmates at school, earning himself the nickname "Dr. Bug."

But this didn’t last long. Japan’s urban areas were expanding rapidly during that time, paving over the natural areas where Tajiri used to hunt for bugs. With his favorite hobby now in trouble (insert Team Rocket theme here), Tajiri had to find something new to do. Enter: the arcade era, where his gaming addiction began. 

Fast forward a bit, and Tajiri started his own video game magazine called Game Freak, where he wrote about records and other gaming industry happenings. That’s when he met this guy, Ken Sugimori (image of Ken Sugimori), an illustrator and fellow gamer who loved Tajiri’s magazine. They teamed up and started talking about creating video games—but they had no idea how to program or build a game. So they brought in Junichi Masuda (image of Junichi Masuda), a programmer and composer who was also intrigued by Tajiri’s ideas.

And that’s how they made their first game, Mendel Palace (show box art or gameplay). It was a decent success, selling around 127,000 copies worldwide. This success sparked something in Tajiri’s mind: combining the idea of connecting two Game Boys to trade items with his childhood love of collecting bugs. That’s how the idea for Pokémon was born.

But there was one problem: a man’s gotta eat. They needed a publisher to help bring their vision to life. Enter: Nintendo. Tajiri pitched his idea to Nintendo’s staff, but they were skeptical (insert image of confused executives). I mean, who wouldn’t be? Imagine this guy showing up, talking about catching bugs and trading them—it’s a little weird, right? But then, another legend entered the scene: Shigeru Miyamoto (image of Miyamoto, maybe a dramatic angelic light effect for fun). He saw the potential and convinced Nintendo to give them a shot.

And thus, Pocket Monsters Red and Blue were born. Tajiri came up with the ideas, Sugimori designed the first 151 Pokémon, and Masuda created the music. The game took about 5–6 years to develop, partly because Game Freak was a small indie studio and also because of the Game Boy’s technical limitations. They were running out of money during production, so Creatures Inc. stepped in and bought 50% of Game Freak in exchange for funding.

Finally, on February 27, 1996, the game was released in Japan. It did decently well at first, but its popularity exploded thanks to an unexpected twist: Mew. Programmer Shigeki Morimoto (image of Morimoto) secretly added Mew to the game as a prank, and Tajiri decided to reveal its existence to keep players curious and create myths about the game.

Corocoro magazine ran a promo where readers could send in their game cartridges to have Mew added to their save files (imagine doing that today). The manga followed shortly after, targeting a younger audience and boosting the game’s popularity.

Then came the anime, which took Pocket Monsters—now officially abbreviated to Pokémon—worldwide. The franchise skyrocketed, with Red and Blue selling 31 million copies (and Pokémon Yellow, which fixed some issues, helped boost sales even further).

Kinda of an ending:But how did we go from this (hold up Pokémon Red) to this (image of Scarlet and Violet in a dumpster)? Well, that’s a topic for another video. For now, let’s just remember how good it all was (play music from Pokémon Fire Red).

End video.



